Blackwater Bay@is a large body of water along the crownlands in eastern Westeros. King's Landing, the capital of the Seven Kingdoms, sits where the Blackwater Rush pours into the bay.
During the War of the Five Kings, it became the scene of the Battle of the Blackwater, where thousands of men died and battleships sank. 
The battle was said to be won when Renly Baratheon returned to life and led his army against the attackers.

#Braavos@is the wealthiest and likely the most powerful of the Free Cities. 
It is located in a lagoon on the northwestern end of Essos, where the narrow sea and the Shivering Sea meet.
The city was founded by escaped slaves, fleeing the grasp of the Valyrian Freehold, sixteen among these men are accounted as the first keyholders of the Iron Bank one of the most powerful banks in the known world.
Braavos is home to several temples, notably the sinister House of Black and White, see of the Many-Faced God cult led by assassins known as Faceless Men.

WONDER: The Titan of Braavos is a massive stone and bronze fortress in the shape of a giant man, which guards the entrance into the lagoon where the Free City of Braavos is located.

#Casterly Rock@is a castle and the seat of House Lannister. The capital of the Westerlands, it overlooks the harbor of Lannisport and the Sunset Sea.
The castle is carved out of a great stone hill colossal rock. The Casterlys of antiquity built a ringfort on the peak, and as millenia have passed its natural defenses have been expanded with walls, gates, and watchtowers. 
The stone has been mined for thousands of years, so there are hundreds of mineshafts in the depths of the Rock, as well as yet untouched gold veins.
The Lannisters trace their rule over their seat back to Lann the Clever, who tricked the Casterlys out of their castle and claimed it for his own. 

#Craster's Keep@is the home of Craster, an ornery wildling beyond the Wall who is a friend to the Night's Watch. It is not an actual keep, but is only given that title by members of the Watch. 
Despite its relations with the black brothers, he is said to be in touch with wildlings and even with darker entities.
He's married to nineteen wives most of which are his daughters, the household curiously lacks of any male child, this fact combined with his unnerving worship of the Gods of Winter casts a shadow of morbosity on this weird character.
Lately in the vicinity of his fields, corpses have been seen raising against the living.

#Fist of the First Men@is a hill found north of the wall. Under the nevermelting ice, traces of the first men can still be found. In the Dawn age the area became theater of the war between Men and the Children of the Forest.
When the threat of the wights became too great, this place was again used by both races together to battle the undead. Secrets long lost still await under the snow.

#Great Grass Sea@is a vast inland region of the continent of Essos, located east of the Free Cities, north of Slaver's Bay, and west of the Bone Mountains. Its landscape of steppes and plains is home to the nomadic Dothraki equestrian people, who constantly battle each other and raid surrounding lands.
The region is also known as the Haunted Lands and the Great Desolation after the dozens of ruins of the cities destroyed and nations conquered by the Dothraki.

WONDER: Among the ruins left by the horselords' fury, lie the remains of Sarnath and its Palace with a Thousand Rooms, residence of the now extinct High Kings of Sarnor, considered the most majestic palace to ever exist.

#Harrenhal@is the largest castle in the Seven Kingdoms and was the seat of the petty King Harren the Black, on the north shore of the Gods Eye lake. Since its burning by dragonfire in the War of Conquest, however, it has become a dark and ruinous place.
The grim reputation of the castle is caused by the so called Harrenhal's Curse, which supposedly leads its lord to meet an untimely demise, in fact this holding passed through 9 dynasties in its brief history.
One of the major event to ever happen in the keep was the tourney at Harrenhal considered the greatest and most lavish in the history of westeros, memorable not only for the jousts but especially for the grand melee.

WONDER: Harrenhal has five towers of dizzying size, with equally monstrous curtain walls. The walls are incredibly thick and its rooms are built on a scale that would be more comfortable for giants than humans. Its imposingness is to this day unrivaled in the known world.

#Highgarden@is the seat of House Tyrell and the regional capital of the Reach. Located on the banks of the river Mander, Highgarden sits astride the Roseroad, a major thoroughfare linking Oldtown and King's Landing, it's also the southern terminus of the Searoad connencting it to Lannisport, thus it has become the crossroads of the two main trade routes of Westeros.
The land near Highgarden are known to be among the most fertile in the world and referred to as Westeros granary, here are fields of golden roses that stretch as far as the eye can see. Fruits grown nearby include melons, peaches, and fireplums.
Aptly the Tyrell motto reads: "Growing strong."

#Isle of Faces@is a sacred island in the middle of the lake called the Gods Eye, located in the southeastern riverlands. It is one of the few known locations of weirwoods in the south of Westeros, with most others having been cut down and burned.
At the end of the Dawn Age, following many centuries of fighting between them, the isle is where the First Men and the children signed the Pact ending their wars against each other. In celebration, every weirwood on the island was given a face, so that the gods would witness the pact.
With the signing of the Pact, the order of the green men was formed to tend the last remaining weirwoods in the south. The Andals failed to conquer the green men, so some maesters have conjectured that children of the forest survived the Andal invasion on the isle.
Either way powerful magic still lingers on and few people approach the island.

#King's Landing@is the capital of the Seven Kingdoms, located in the crownlands on the east coast of Westeros. It is situated along the kingsroad at the mouth of the Blackwater Rush and overlooks Blackwater Bay. King's Landing is the site of the Iron Throne and the Red Keep, which is the seat of the king.
The city owes its name from the landing of Aegon the Conqueror and his dragon Balerion.
Since its founding the city attracted the poorest refugees fleeing from the wartorn countryside, these smallfolk built and reside in the slums known as Flea Bottom in utter destitution.
At the same time the Noble quarters and lifestyle are majestic and lavish, and several sumptuous feasts and jousts are held frequently.
This divide had led to turmoils and even to massive riots during times of war.

#Lonely Light@is the smallest island of the eight major Iron Islands. It is the seat of House Farwynd, it lies well into the Sunset Sea and is probably the westernmost location in the Known World.
The Lonely Light is surrounded by rookeries of seals and sea lions and ocean.
Its oldest building was said to be present before the age of man and it's said to be linked to the Depth Dwellers, from this land lost in the sunless sea stem deranged tales of the Drowned God, He Who Dwells Beneath the Waves, the deity worshipped bt the Iron Men.

#Lorath@is one of the Free Cities located to the east of Westeros. It is located on an island just off the northern coast of Essos, east and slightly south of Braavos. Before its colonization at the hand of the Valyrian Freehold it was home to a mysterious people dubbed as the Mazemakers, who erected bast labyrinthine structures that still stand in the present day.
After the Doom of Valyria a small group of followers of the Blind God Boash took over and established a fierce theocracy based on austerity, self-abnegation but also in equality of men and freedom. 
As many escaped slaves migrated to the city the number of worshippers dwindled until the point when a revolt agains the priest brought the church to its feet, and the last devotees had to find refuge in the old lost mazes.
To this day their bodies have never been found.

#Meereen@is the northernmost and the largest of the three great Slaver Cities of Slaver's Bay. It is ruled by the Great Masters, the heads of Meereen's slaving families, and its wealthiest of citizens live in stepped pyramids.
The fighting pits of Mereen are famous across the whole world and to the Meereenese the mortal art of Ghis is not mere butchery but a display of courage, skill, and strength most pleasing to the gods.
For this reason slaves are grown since they are children to be excellent and entertaining pit fighters, to then be sold at the market as potware.

#Norvos@is one of the nine Free Cities. It lies in the interior of Essos, between Pentos and Qohor.
Norvos is made up out of two parts, joined only by a massive stone stair, known as the Sinner's Steps. The high city, where the ancient nobility of Norvos lives, is ringed about by mighty stone walls, and located on the tallest hill in the region. Here, the great fortress-temple of the bearded priests is located.
The bearded priests are a sect so secretive that even the name of their god is revealed only to initiates. They wear hair shirts and untanned hides and practice ritual flagellation. Once initiated they are forbidden to shave or cut their hair. They are the only Norvoshi permitted to have beards.
The emblem of the cult and the favourite weapon of the order is the bearded axe.
Once a year, there is a festival in Norvos that features bears dancing down the Sinner's Steps.

WONDER: Norvos's three bells govern every aspect of the lives of those in the city. The bells tell the Norvoshi when to rise, sleep, work, rest, when to take arms, when to pray, and when they are permitted to have carnal relations. Each bell has its own distinctive 'voice' and name:
    Noom, with a deep sound
    Narrah, with a strong sound
    Nyel, with a higher pitched sound.

#Old Valyria@is a ruined city in Essos. It is a long-dead city of wonderment, and was once the capital of a great empire called the Valyrian Freehold. It was destroyed by a cataclysmic event known as the Doom of Valyria a century before Aegon's Landing.
The Valyrian people were notorious in the whole world for their dragon riding nobility with whom they conquered much of Essos, and from which House Targaryen descends.
The second reason that made the Freehold rise to power was the legendary Valyrian Steel, a metal with outstanding properties such as its indestructibility.
Nowadays the ruins host only disastered buildings and the Stone Men, people severly afflicted by the Greyscale, so called because of how the disease makes their skin dead, hard and cracked like stone.

WONDER: The Valyrian roads, or dragon roads, were broad stone highways built at the peak of the Empire and run through one economic center to another allowing swift transport of goods. The roads were made of stone fused with dragonbreath and they all converged to the capital.

#Oldtown@is one of the largest cities in Westeros and is the oldest, built by the First Men before the Andal invasion. The city is located in the southwest of the Reach, at the mouth of the river Honeywine where it opens onto Whispering Sound and the Sunset Sea beyond. It is the western terminus of the Roseroad from Highgarden and King's Landing.
House Hightower have their seat at the Hightower, a giant lighthouse-fortress located on an islet facing the harbor.
House Hightower has been known for centuries for its loyalty, to the old kings, to House Tyrell and to the Iron Throne with many members serving a Kingsguards.
Patron of the arts and knowledge, they founded the Citadel in the city and to this day keep funding it and donating to the library, the biggest in the known world.

WONDER: High Tower is a massive stepped tower with a beacon on top to guide ships into port. It is the tallest structure in the Seven Kingdoms, even higher than the seven-hundred-foot Wall. The people of Oldtown can tell the time of day by the tower's shadow, and some claim that the Wall can be seen from its top.

#Pentos@is one of the Free Cities of western Essos. It is a port located on the eastern coast of the eponimous bay. Even though Pentos has massive, high walls, it is often regarded as the most vulnerable of the Free Cities.
Pentos is a city where wealth equals power, ruled over by a prince with a council of rich magisters. The prince has a mostly ceremonial function, however, while the magisters rule. The prince, who is chosen from forty families, presides chiefly over balls and feasts. He is carried from place to place in a rich palanquin with a handsome guard.
Each new year he deflowers two maidens, the maid of the sea and the maid of the fields, to ensure prosperity on land and sea. If there is famine or war is lost, the magisters sacrifice the prince and slit his throat to appease the gods, then choose a new prince.

#Prince's Pass@ was originally the Wide Way, the shortest and easiest route between the Reach and Dorne. It was guarded by the Lords of the Wide Way, the Kings of Stone and Sky from House Fowler, who carved Skyreach into its stony slopes.
he Fowlers submitted to House Martell during Nymeria's War, however, and the route became known as the Prince's Pass, as the Martells used the title of "prince" in the Rhoynish custom. 
The pass became infamous when Dornish traitors ambushed there the King Daeron Targaryen leading to his demise.

#Pyke@is a castle located on the island of the same name, which is one of the eight major Iron Islands. It is the seat of House Greyjoy, whose lord is known as the Lord Reaper of Pyke and the capital of the kingdom. The Greyjoys have been rulers of the Iron Islands since Aegon's Conquest.
From this island throughout history raiders sailed on their longship towards the wealthy coasts of the Reach, the Riverlands and the Westerlands.
As the whole kingdom of the Iron Islands, the capital is protected by its steep cliffs and the frequent storms ravaging the sea.

#Qarth@ is an ancient port city located on the southern coast of Essos. It has been referred to as the Queen of Cities, a title also claimed by Yunkai in Slaver's Bay. 
Qarth is a city of merchants. Because of its location, Qarth is seen as a gateway of commerce and culture between the east and west, and the north and south. The city has become wealthy due to its control of the Jade Gates. 
Qarth houses three merchant guilds, the Thirteen, the Tourmaline Brotherhood, and the Ancient Guild of Spicers, who are constantly to dominate one another.
The other great power that dwells behind the walls is the House of the Undying, the tower where are sited the headquarters of the elite warlocks. 
The guild is led by a council of spirits who can predict the future... sort of.

WONDER: Qarth is surrounded by three thick walls of thirty, forty, and fifty feet in height, respectively engraved with portraits of animals, war, and lovemaking.

#Red Waste@is a region of Essos west of the Bone Mountains. The desert is a barren and unforgiving landscape of stunted trees, devilgrass, and ancient ruins. 

#Riverlands@are the central region of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, consisting of the rich, fertile, and populous areas around the three forks of the Trident and the northern Blackwater Rush. At the time of Aegon's Conquest the riverlands and the Iron Islands were ruled by House Hoare, the Kings of the Isles and the Rivers, although native river kings ruled centuries earlier.
Bacause of the fecundity of the lands, the central position in the continent and the lack of natural boundaries, the riverlands have been a frequent battleground and victim of ferocious pillaging.

#Shadowlands@are mysterious lands far away from most known civilitazions, strange magic is rumored to be harbored in those dark places...

#Storm's End@is the seat of House Baratheon, the Lords Paramount of the Stormlands. The castle is located at Durran's Point on the northern coast of Shipbreaker Bay, south of Bronzegate and northeast of Griffin's Roost. The kingsroad runs north from Storm's End through the stormlands to King's Landing, the capital of the Seven Kingdoms.
One of the strongest castles in the realm, Storm's End was once the ancestral seat of the Storm Kings of House Durrandon extending back many thousands of years. The castle is said to be protected by spells woven into its very walls that prevent magic from affecting it or passing through it.
The castle embodies the ideal of house Baratheon, strength, as the storms that incessantly it endures, mirror the house motto "Ours is the fury."

#Sunspear@is the seat of House Nymeros Martell and the capital of Dorne. The castle is located on the Broken Arm, north of the Greenblood on the far southeastern coast of Westeros and is surrounded on three sides by the sea, and by the shadow city on the fourth side.
The Sandship was the ancient keep the House Martell, minor Dornish lords. When Rhoynish warrior-queen Nymeria arrived in Dorne with her ten thousand ships around 700 BC, Lord Mors Martell, the Lord of the Sandship, wed her, and this alliance of the Martells with the Rhoynar led to the unification of Dorne in Nymeria's War.
The seat of the ruling Princes and Princesses of Dorne became Sunspear, the new castle which developed around the Sandship. It was named after the union of the Martell spear with the sun of the Rhoynar. It contains beautiful towers built in the Rhoynish fashion, such as the Spear Tower and the Tower of the Sun of the Old Palace.
The Spear Tower throughout its history was used several times as an inescapble prison for nobles, both traitors from the court and rivals from hostile kingdoms.

#The Citadel@is a complex of buildings in Oldtown that serves as headquarters to the order of the maesters.
The maesters are an order of scholars, healers, postmen, and scientists; in the past many meddled with arcane arts, but in the last centuries, magic disappeared from the world as it did from the books.
As advisers to the Westerosi nobility, the maesters are sometimes called "the knights of the mind."
Thanks to the members of house Hightower, among whom was the founder of the Order itself, the Citadel hosts the biggest library in the known world.
 
#The Crossing@is the seat of House Frey, also known as the Twins, it is a fortified crossing of the Green Fork of the Trident and consists of two identical castles and a tower in the middle of their bridge.
The Freys have held the crossing of the Green Fork for six hundred years, beginning when a petty lord built a rickety wooden bridge over the narrowest portion of the river. It took the family three generations to complete the bridge in stone, after which they built timber keeps on each bank of the river.
Since then, the Freys have grown wealthy by charging a heavy toll on all those who need to cross - a fact which irks many older or more powerful houses. 
During the War of the Five Kings, the keep was the location of the event known as the Red Wedding, where King Robb Stark was killed along his court and bannermen under guest right, by the treacherous lords Frey and Bolton, allegedly bribed by Tywin Lannister. 

#The Eyrie@is an ancient castle and seat of House Arryn.  It is situated in the Mountains of the Moon astride the peak known as the Giant's Lance, several thousand feet above the valley below. Although small compared to the seats of other Great Houses in Westeros, the Eyrie is considered impregnable to attack. 
During winter years, the Arryns seek refuge against the cold at the base of the mountain in the Gates of the Moon.
Being located on a steep and small cliff, smallfolk funerals are held in a peculiar way, there are no graveyards where to bury the dead, the bodies are thrown in the abyss.
Another distinctive trait is that executions are carried out by throwing the condemned through the Moon Door, which opens into the sky; when two rivals duel in the High Hall, the door is opened.

#The Neck@is one of the southernmost regions of the north. Covered in swamp and bog, it divides the north from the rest of the Seven Kingdoms. It is inhabited by the Crannogmen so called for their habit of living in small villages formed of reeds and thatch that sit atop floating islands in the mire called crannogs.
They are talented hunters and warriors and despite their short stature and somewhat primitive lifestyle, the crannogmen have proven a notoriously difficult people to conquer. They use nets, bronze knives, frog spears, and round leather shields. They fight with poison, guerrilla tactics, and a mastery of their difficult terrain.

#The Wall@is a massive barrier of mostly ice stretching across the northern border of the Seven Kingdoms, separating it from the wild lands beyond. The Wall is one hundred leagues long and reaches over seven hundred feet at his highest point, although some foundation blocks in hilly regions, such as near Greyguard, send it nine hundred feet in the air.
The wall is guarded by the Night's Watch, an ancient order sworn to protect the lands from what lies beyond. The climate is so hostile that inaction leads to freezing to death, and many black brothers have been reported to have died while sleeping during patrolling.
Legends say the the wildlings, the humans living beyond the wall, once had a magical artifact called the Horn of Winter, able of destroying the Wall with a single blow. If that happened to be true nothing would stop the barbarians from raiding the lands of the Seven Kingdoms.

WONDER:The Wall is made of solid ice, althouth the top is compacted with gravel near the inhabited castles. At its top it is wide enough for a dozen horsemen to ride abreast, and is thicker at the base. 
According to myth, spells are woven into the Wall to prevent it collapsing from mundane causes and to keep certain entities, such as the Others, from passing.

#Tyrosh@is a harbor city and one of the Free Cities. It sits on an island to the north of the Stepstones, just off the coast of the Disputed Lands of Essos. The ruler of Tyrosh is an archon chosen from among the members of a conclave of the wealthiest and noblest of the city.
One of the children of Valyria, its economy is greatly based on the slave trade, armorsmiths and especially the production and commerce of dyes, which Tyroshi heavily use on their clothing and their colorful hair.

#Vaes Dothrak@is the only city of the Dothraki people. It is located in the northeast of the vast Dothraki sea, beneath the Mother of Mountains and near a lake, the Womb of the World.
The city has no walls, and its paved roads pass through the grass and many scattered buildings of different styles. The city hosts the religious figures of the Dothraki people and is the center of trade among all the nations that limit the Great Grass Sea, as such it is a link between Essos and the lands beyond Asshai.
One of the most intriguing features of the city is the sheer number of remains of broken icons and statues that dot the landscape, that represent the gods and deities of the people the Dothraki enslaved and whose city were torn to the ground.

#Vaes Tolorro@is the name given by Daenerys Targaryen to an abandoned city in the red waste beyond the Dothraki sea. Vaes Tolorro means "the city of bones" in the Dothraki language. It is possible this was one of the city-states established by the Qaathi.
Despite being destroyed and abandoned in a time long passed, life still clinge to its walls, and trees of fig, peach and other fruits can be found amidst its ruins.
The Dothraki people still fear the place, so it's still possible to find hidden treasures other than food.

#Volantis@is a city in southwestern Essos, often called Old Volantis or First Daughter, was the first colony created by the Freehold and proudest of the Nine Free Cities.
Volantis is one of the greatest, richest, and most powerful of these city-states, and was once the most populous. 
The city is ruled by three triarchs, chosen by every freeborn landowner. They are chosen from amongst the noble families who can prove unbroken descent from old Valyria, and will serve until the first day of the new year. The triarchs of Volantis are considered so elevated that they are not allowed to have their feet touch the ground during their year of service.
The elections last ten days, with much campaigning and bribery.
The triarchs belong to one of two political parties, the elephants and the tigers. The elephants are the party of the merchants and moneylenders advocating trade, while the tigers are old aristocracy and warriors interested in conquest.

WONDER: The Long Bridge is an old bridge that joins the two halves of Volantis across the mouth of the Rhoyne. It is a great span with a fused stone road supported by massive piers.
The Long Bridge's gateway at its eastern end is an arch of black stone carved with sphinxes, manticores, dragons and other strange beasts. The road is barely wide enough for two carts to pass side by side.
Buildings rise on both sides of the bridge, including: shops, temples, taverns, inns, cyvasse parlours, and brothels.

#Winterfell@is the ancestral castle and seat of power of House Stark and is considered to be the capital of the north. It is located in the center of the northernmost province of the Seven Kingdoms, on the kingsroad that runs from Storm's End to the Wall. It is situated at the eastern edge of the wolfswood, north of Castle Cerwyn.
Since time immemorial, House Stark ruled over the Northmen, the descendants of the First Men, in the cold lands known as the North. Among any other people of Westeros they know Winter, fear it and prepare for it the most.
As such Stark's House motto is "Winter is coming."

#Wolfswood@is a large forest in the north named for the great many wolves one can hear howling in the night.
It is made up of oak, evergreen and black brier, as well as sentinels, soldier pines, and hawthorn, beech, ash, chestnuts, ironwoods, and firs. Weirwoods are occasionally found isolated or in pairs.[4] It contains abundant timber. Besides wolves, other animals living in the wolfswood include boar, deer, elk, badgers, rabbits, foxes, and bears.

#Asshai@is a mysterious port city located in the far south-east of Essos, where the Ash river meets the Jade Sea at its eastern exit, the Saffron Straits. Asshai is on the southernmost edge of a mountainous peninsula known as the Shadow Lands, thus the city is often called Asshai by the Shadow.
Asshai'i are described as having a dark and solemn appearance, the Dothraki believe they are "spawn of shadows" and hold them in contempt and fear.
There are no children in Asshai. All who dwell there wear masks or veils, and often walk alone or ride in palanquins of ebony and iron, hidden behind dark curtains and carried upon the backs of slaves. Only the shadowbinders of Asshai dare to travel upriver, and even they fear to tread before the doors of the Stygai, the corpse city.
It is rumored that spellsingers, aeromancers, and warlocks practice their arts openly here, the city is open to all sorts of practitioners of the "higher mysteries", as well as torturers and poisoners, and even worshippers of the Black Goat and Bakkalon and the Lion of Night. No practice is forbidden in the city, however depraved.

#Golden Fields@is an area in western Essos bordered to the west by the river Lhorulu and to the east by Dagger Lake and the Rhoyne.
As the name suggests the land is renowned for its fertility.

#Asshai by the Shadow@is a mysterious port city located in the far south-east of Essos, where the Ash river meets the Jade Sea at its eastern exit, the Saffron Straits. Asshai is on the southernmost edge of a mountainous peninsula known as the Shadow Lands, thus the city is often called Asshai by the Shadow.
Asshai'i are described as having a dark and solemn appearance, the Dothraki believe they are "spawn of shadows" and hold them in contempt and fear.
There are no children in Asshai. All who dwell there wear masks or veils, and often walk alone or ride in palanquins of ebony and iron, hidden behind dark curtains and carried upon the backs of slaves. Only the shadowbinders of Asshai dare to travel upriver, and even they fear to tread before the doors of the Stygai, the corpse city.
It is rumored that spellsingers, aeromancers, and warlocks practice their arts openly here, the city is open to all sorts of practitioners of the "higher mysteries", as well as torturers and poisoners, and even worshippers of the Black Goat and Bakkalon and the Lion of Night. No practice is forbidden in the city, however depraved.

#Ghost Grass Fields@are the legendary lands prophesized by the Dothraki myth about the end of the world.
the Ghost grass is a type of grass that grows throughout the Shadow Lands in eastern Essos, both on its shores and in the valleys between its mountains. It is taller than a human on horseback and has stalks as pale as milkglass. It is an invasive plant that overwhelms other grass.
The Dothraki believe that ghost grass glows with the spirits of the damned and will one day cover the entire world, leading to a whole world famine and the end of humanity.

#A Change of Seasons@is the eventful day when the globe reaches a different sector of space around the sun. Seasons last for entire years, and can change dramatically the life of the people, nobles and smallfolk alike, with long Springs and Summers bringing opulence and long Autumns and Winters leading to famine. 

#Red Comet@is a red bright celestial object flying through the sky for several days, visible both in night and day light, is rumored to be an omen of ill-fortune, prosperity or change.

#Red Death@is a terrible disease that originated in Sothoryos. It swept across the Isle of Tears and then spread across the rest of the Basilisk Isles. It killed nine of every ten men, who died screaming, bleeding copiously from every body orifice, their skin shredding like wet parchment.